docs: add metadata to all remaining pages (#1246)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/how-to/web-app-rocks/configure-the-build-base-for-an-express-app.rst

.. meta::

>     :description: How to configure the build base for an Express app rock using the Express framework extension depending on the Node.js version and base used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :description: How to configure the build base for a rock of a 12-factor Express app.
```
